==Preparation==

ENSURE there are enough drinks: 16 cans of soda for Wednesday and 12 cans for Friday. 
ENSURE there is diet drink available (at least 2-3). If possible, include juiced can for the healthy mind

NOTES:
Buy the drinks from safeway (it is pretty cheap when they have
buy-2-get-1 promotion) or costco. Ask Monica about how to get the
department's vehicle. Keep the receipt. Don't forget to reimburse.

==Before Lunch==

ENSURE that the food is in the room.
DO Grab serving utensils if there is none. (above the cabinet in Gates 3 B-wing kitchen.)
DO Prepare enough plates, utensils and napkins. Get some extra plates from Monica.
DO Bring the sodas to the room

==During Lunch==

Bring more plates, utensils and napkins if run out

==After Lunch==

ENSURE Clean up the area of the food.
DO Bring leftover to Gates 3B kitchen to share happiness
DO Wash the serving utensils if you plan to use them later (store above cabinet in Gates 3-B kitchen)
DO Store unused plates, utensils and napkin for further use

LAST UPDATED: Jun 9, 2011

Pao's original email:

Preparation:

Make sure that there are enough drinks for each week. Normally, 16
cans of soda for Wednesday and 12 cans for Friday. The number might
change very soon since we have been getting more people attending
lunch
Buy the drinks from safeway (it is pretty cheap when they have
buy-2-get-1 promotion) or costco. Ask Monica about how to get the
department's vehicle
Make sure that there is diet drink available (at least 2-3). If
possible, include juiced can for the healthy mind
Keep the receipt. Don't forget to reimburse.
Off topic but I think green tea ginger ale is delicious

Before Lunch

Check that the food is in the room.
Grab serving utensils if there is none. (They are normally kept above
the cabinet in the kitchen in Gates 3 B-wing.)
Prepare enough plates, utensils and napkins. Get some extra plates from Monica.
Brink the sodas to the room

During Lunch

Bring more plates, utensils and napkins if run out

After Lunch

Clean up the area of the food.
Bring leftover to Gates 3B kitchen to share happiness
Wash the serving utensils if you plan to use them later
Keep unused plates, utensils and napkin for further use
